{\rtf1\ansi\deff0
{\fonttbl{\f0 Helvetica;}}
\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl864\margr864\margt864\margb864
\fs22





KingDom Operator Manual



  
    \fs40\b KingDom Operator Manual\b0\fs22\par\par 
    Purpose: a printable quick-start and workflow guide for using KingDom as a scanner and monitor desk tool.\par\par 
    ScannerMonitorPresetsPaper Trading\par\par 
  

  \fs30\b 1. What KingDom Is\b0\fs22\par 
  KingDom is a scanner and monitor system. It is designed to find potential setups, separate trade-ready ideas from watch / monitor ideas, and explain why names passed or failed. It is not a black box and it should not be treated like one.\par\par 
  
    Core principle: if no strict trade-ready names pass, KingDom should still surface the best monitor/watch seeds instead of looking empty or broken.\par\par 
  

  \fs30\b 2. Mental Model\b0\fs22\par 
  
    
      \fs24\b Trade-ready\b0\fs22\par 
      
        \bullet	ab Best strict setups right now\par 
        \bullet	ab Passed the tighter gating stack\par 
        \bullet	ab Most actionable if you are looking for immediate execution\par 
      
    
    
      \fs24\b Monitor / Watch\b0\fs22\par 
      
        \bullet	ab Interesting names that did not fully pass strict entry conditions\par 
        \bullet	ab Still worth watching for improvement\par 
        \bullet	ab Useful for paper trading and workflow validation\par 
      
    
  

  \fs30\b 3. Main Workflow\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Choose a quick preset or load a saved preset.\par 
    \bullet	ab Run a scan.\par 
    \bullet	ab Read the top section carefully:
      
        Mode\par 
        \bullet	ab Trade-ready count\par 
        \bullet	ab Rejected count\par 
        \bullet	ab Seed pool\par 
        \bullet	ab Primary message\par 
      
    
    \bullet	ab If trade-ready is zero, review the monitor/watch fallback names rather than assuming the scan failed.\par 
    \bullet	ab Open candidate details and read the why this ranked here section before acting.\par 
    \bullet	ab Move interesting names into a monitoring workflow.\par 
  

  \fs30\b 4. Presets and Categories\b0\fs22\par 
  The Pro workflow area gives you several ways to operate the scanner:\par\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Quick preset: fast benchmark-style profile selection\par 
    \bullet	ab Saved presets: your reusable desk configurations\par 
    \bullet	ab Favorite / starred: identify your most-used setups\par 
    \bullet	ab Category: organize presets by use case\par 
    \bullet	ab Desk notes: write why the preset exists and when to use it\par 
  

  
    Preset TypeUse It For
    Auto / KingDom defaultBalanced general use
    MomentumHigher-velocity names, stronger movement bias
    NewsCatalyst-driven scanning and event-heavy names
    ReversalNames setting up for failure, reclaim, or reversal conditions
    LiquidityCleaner tradeability / less junk in the universe
  

  \fs30\b 5. Understanding Results\b0\fs22\par 
  \fs24\b If you see trade-ready names\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab These are the strictest actionable outputs.\par 
    \bullet	ab Still review individual setup logic and context before acting.\par 
  

  \fs24\b If you see monitor / watch fallback\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab This means the scan found useful names, but none fully passed the trade-ready gate.\par 
    \bullet	ab This is not a broken scan.\par 
    \bullet	ab Use these names for watchlisting, paper trading, and intraday reassessment.\par 
  

  \fs24\b Zero-result diagnostics\b0\fs22\par 
  When no strict candidates pass, KingDom should explain why. Typical reasons include:\par\par 
  
    \bullet	ab filtered price\par 
    \bullet	ab avg20 dollar volume too low\par 
    \bullet	ab confidence too low\par 
    \bullet	ab ORB retest ML too low\par 
    \bullet	ab chase too high\par 
  

  \fs30\b 6. Candidate Detail Panel\b0\fs22\par 
  Use the candidate detail view to answer:\par\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Why did this symbol rank here?\par 
    \bullet	ab Was it trade-ready or just a watch seed?\par 
    \bullet	ab What are the plan levels: entry, stop, targets?\par 
    \bullet	ab What catalyst / news context exists?\par 
    \bullet	ab What score breakdown drove the ranking?\par 
  

  \fs30\b 7. Alert Tape and Monitor States\b0\fs22\par 
  KingDom’s monitor should distinguish between:\par\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Near trigger – setup approaching action point\par 
    \bullet	ab Ready – conditions becoming actionable\par 
    \bullet	ab Triggered – conditions fired\par 
    \bullet	ab Suppressed – conditions intentionally muted / degraded\par 
  
  Use alert cooldown and alert level controls to avoid noise.\par\par 

  \fs30\b 8. Paper Trading Workflow\b0\fs22\par 
  Paper trading here means taking notes, not sending orders.\par\par 
  
    \fs24\b Record for each paper trade\b0\fs22\par 
    
      \bullet	ab symbol\par 
      \bullet	ab time\par 
      \bullet	ab side\par 
      \bullet	ab entry\par 
      \bullet	ab stop\par 
      \bullet	ab target(s)\par 
      \bullet	ab trade-ready or watch fallback?\par 
      \bullet	ab why selected?\par 
      \bullet	ab why entered?\par 
      \bullet	ab why held / trimmed / stopped?\par 
      \bullet	ab what did KingDom get right or wrong?\par 
    
  

  \fs30\b 9. Daily Operating Routine\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Pick a preset that matches the market environment.\par 
    \bullet	ab Run a broad scan.\par 
    \bullet	ab Review trade-ready names first.\par 
    \bullet	ab If none, review the watch fallback names.\par 
    \bullet	ab Open candidate details on the best 3–10 names.\par 
    \bullet	ab Pick paper trades with explicit reasoning.\par 
    \bullet	ab Review outcomes later and calibrate thresholds/ranking.\par 
  

  \fs30\b 10. What KingDom Still Is Not\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Not an automatic money printer\par 
    \bullet	ab Not a substitute for judgment\par 
    \bullet	ab Not finished forever\par 
    \bullet	ab Not better than every incumbent tool in every dimension yet\par 
  

  \fs30\b 11. What to Trust Most\b0\fs22\par 
  
    \bullet	ab Clear ranking logic\par 
    \bullet	ab Diagnostics explaining why names passed or failed\par 
    \bullet	ab Monitor/watch fallback when strict trade-ready is empty\par 
    \bullet	ab Repeated paper-trade validation over time\par 
  

  
    File: KingDom Operator Manual\par\par 
    Prepared for printable PDF use. Save a copy to Desktop and keep it beside your workstation until the workflow becomes second nature.\par\par 
  


}